Oh.
>> [snorts]
>> Oh.
Oh.
>> All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Wednesday afternoon. God bless
everybody.
In the name of Jesus, Yeshua the
Messiah, I pray you and your families
are blessed in many ways. I truly do. As
the Bitcoin price is this the big dump
or is the pump just getting started?
We're going to be answering all those
questions and more.
We're going to be answering all the deep
philosophical existential questions
today, guys.
So, make sure to smash the like button
because things are about to get juicy.
We got to give a major shout to
everybody in the chat right now. Crypto
Coons.
Thank you, bro, for being in here
holding it down with the wrench. Splash
Fire Films, Crypto Scarface, Damian
Wins. Don't forget to pump your iron,
everybody.
Shout out to my man, J Becker. He says
recovery day, but 6,500 steps and 33
flights of stairs climbed. Where y'all
at? Whoa.
That is crazy, my man. Wait.
6,500 steps?
On a recovery day? Nice, man. That's
what's up. I thought you said 65,000 at
first. I was about to say, "Wow." But
even still, man, that's legit, bro.
Shout out to TRVIC who says lol. Shout
out to Steak Sauce who just saved
hundreds on car insurance by switching
off Geico.
I just saved hundreds on car insurance
by driving uninsured vehicles. It works
great.
>> [laughter]
>> Until it doesn't, but hey, the trend is
your friend until the end of the trend.
So, if it's working for you now, I mean,
the highest probability is going to keep
working for you, all right? Big shout
out to Prime Vidz 3 who says, "I smashed
smashed
smashed the like button."
Shout out to
uh T in the chat. God bless T. Thank
you, T, for being up in here, holding it
down, keeping everything
sewn together
with the uh
the the impenetrable thread of security
and and uh customer service. All right.
Big shout out to
uh
Live or Strangled
6705. I need this beach
to drop. I'm in a big short. Are you
really? Well, we are coming up to a key
area of resistance. All right. Big shout
out to Crypto Pump It and OG
coming back in. Shout out to Getchy M9Q
and Doc the Goat
who says, "Hooty hoo."
What's up, Jay? What's good, everybody?
What's good? Shout out to Boris Matjazic
[music]
1276 with the the sandwich
icon. Looks pretty tasty, man.
Shout out to Big Wick Crypto and my man
J Boy Bullish
in the house. Shout out to JG JJ McD
and Rob 2267_1.
Good morning. Hey Jason, we getting a
snapshot on Antarctic anytime soon?
Updates ASAP, my friend. Huge shout out
to Wanastrada PCL
in the house and Plain Sailor who says,
"Yo, yo.
AVAX going to do a run next. Freshly
broken out of daily trend. Massive buy
signal. Target of 13 US Donald's."
>> [snorts]
>> That's what's up. We got Crypto Crank in
the house. God bless you, my man. Did I
hit my trade? Yeah, I hit my trade,
bros. So,
here's the thing, Crypto Crank and
everybody else in the chat.
I hit my trade. I I hit $100,000 profit,
but I didn't close it, didn't take
profit because the greed the greed
the greed is kicking in and I'm thinking
to myself, you know what?
Man, as long as we're not losing like
79k.
I mean, as long as we're not losing 78k.
I mean, as long as we're not losing 76k.
As long as we're not losing 75k. I mean,
there's a chance we might pump up to, I
don't know, $97,000. And I'm thinking to
myself, $97,000 like $97,000.
If I close the trade out then,
I'm going to be booking in $150,000.
So,
man, I'm thinking like should I just
huddle for that? Like I don't know, man.
Like the greed is kicking in, bro. This
is the problem. This is the problem. The
old question, should I close it?
Should I close it? If I close it right
now, I close for essentially $100,000.
All right. $100,000.
The funding fee cut into that a little
bit.
Um but minus the funding fee, it would
say $100,000 on the on the realized P&L
sticker ticker.
Right? But yeah,
I did hit it. So, I hit my goal. I my
goal, but I haven't realized my goal.
You know what I'm saying? You know what
I'm saying? You know what I'm saying?
So, big shout out to Crypto Crank in the
house, man. Guys, if you're not
subscribed to Crypto Crank, go subscribe
to Crypto Crank, all right? Dude's a
ninja scalper, all right? He's a ninja
scalper. So, he's one of those ninja
emulsifier blenders. You can put
anything in that blender and it will
come out smooth and creamy, all right?
Give Crypto Crank any market timeframe
on the 1 minute, he'll he'll he'll chop
that thing up into a smooth, creamy
scalp sandwich, all right?
Big shout out to my man, John Shoemaker.
He says, "Effing ads suck."
I think you can you got
to buy YouTube Premium and there's no
ads, man.
But honestly, ads do kind of suck, all
right? Ads do suck. I'll tell you when
ads suck the most is when you forget
about YouTube ads
and then you you're playing trying to do
something and you're you're give your
kids a YouTube video, you think it's
harmless, and then an ad pops up.
You're like, "Dang, this isn't YouTube
Premium. What kind of weird
indoctrination are my kids going to see
now?"
Big shout out to Ham
Ham
Ed
Salum
9917 who just bench pressed 130 kg for
five reps.
That's what's up.
Um
that's what's up. The emotions are
kicking in. Remove some zeros and think
about it. Oh, I might make a
I know, man. Look, I feel you, uh
Laurent Fountain
3740.
But, uh yeah, I'm not going to lie, the
emotions are kicking in. I kind of want
to watch and see what happens here. Um
but let's see. Let's see. At least I'm
not going to close the trade in a loss,
all right? At least I'm not going to
close the trade in a loss.
All right? That's all that counts,
right? Wrong. But, you know what?
Look, it is what it is, guys.
J Cass
the flopping, groping fool of the
YouTube world. That's that's who I am. A
little bit [__] LBR.
Um
But, looks like we're trying to get a
little bit of a pump here.
Um
Uh TNB Willa. Oh, your pink stocking to
TNB Willa. Shout out to Rimo.
12 oz curls, baby.
I guess you're drinking a a can of beer.
Is that what that means?
Um
Shout out to Crypt Alerts. Any comments
about Saylor that he will sell? Yeah, I
mean
it it's tough, right? I was hoping that
would happen in a more bearish scenario.
Maybe that is bearish.
I feel like when we're pumping, it's
it's bullish. I feel like in a pump,
Michael Saylor selling is bullish.
I feel like in a
I feel like that's bullish. I feel like
it's bearish if he's buying.
Um [music]
But, who knows? I I
You know, I feel like that's bullish
that he's selling right now.
Uh the reason why I say that is because
it would incite fear into people to go
short,
uh which would just add to the short
squeeze, honestly.
You know, it would just add to the short
squeeze, to be totally honest with you.
Um
Big shout out to HFG. Big shout out to
David BC147.
Shout out to Sat
Bick Shrivas 1747.
He says, "What's your view now, long or
short?" Oh, man, my view right now is
literally nothing. I am just I have not
really
I don't know.
I have a big I don't know right now. We
need to kind of wait and see what the
market's going to do because yeah, we're
at major resistance.
Uh but yes, we have very bullish signs
on the high time frames. We have
ambiguous signs on the low time frames.
We're going to be doing a thorough
analysis today, guys. All right, big
shout out to a beer one.
And um
Um
>> [music]
>> Um
Let's see who else we got in here.
John Shoemaker
God bless you, John Shoemaker. That's
true.
A big trader still runs ads, sells their
Discord, and makes money from YouTube.
And wants super chats. I I don't want
super chats. I never asked anybody for a
super chat, to be honest with you.
There's some people out there begging
for super chats.
I always feel a little guilty when
someone gives me a super chat. But it
does help you get seen. I mean, we have
millions of people watching the live
stream, bro.
We have millions of people watching the
live stream, all right?
But um
Yeah, I I got to run the YouTube ads. I
didn't run the YouTube ads for a long
time, but listen, man.
This is a business, right? And someone a
good friend of mine came to said, "Why
why aren't you running YouTube ads?
You're literally throwing away like
$3,000 a month. Just click the dang
button."
Yeah, that's right. That makes sense.
Why?
I'm only doing YouTube for money.
Right? That's why I'm doing it. I enjoy
doing it, but it's my business. Why
would I just say, "Nah, no ads."?
Doesn't make any sense. Doesn't make any
sense.
We'll take a poll in the chat. Should I
turn off ads? Let's see.
Let's see what you guys say.
I'm curious. What do you guys say? Let's
take a poll. Should I turn off ads?
Should I turn off
ads?
Question mark.
Let's see what you guys say. Whatever
the poll is, my next video will be that,
all right? Most of you guys want me to
turn off ads.
Oh, well, here's the thing. Even if I
turn off monetization, you're still
going to see ads, actually.
If I turn off monetization, you're still
going to see ads, I think.
Let's test it. Let's see what happens.
We'll we'll we'll we'll demonetize the
next stream and see if you guys still
see ads, all right?
We'll do that. We'll do that for y'all,
All right.
J Casper, he'll do that for y'all.
Um all right, let's pop on over to the
Bitcoin chart. All right, let's
pop on over to the Bitcoin chart.
All right, shout out to the real Cypher
writer in the house.
Um
yeah, let's pop on over to the Bitcoin
chart.
All right, so let's start locally here,
guys. We're going to start on our
12-minute time frame
because I love the 12 minute and let's
just kind of talk about what we got
going on here. First of all, we have
this. All right, we've [snorts] got
ourselves a good old-fashioned parallel
channel. All right. [music]
Good old-fashioned parallel channel and
we are currently flirting with the
bottom.
All right, we're flirting with it. All
right, we don't know.
Right now, it's it's still the the
channel can't tell if if we're really
flirting or if we're if that's just our
personality.
All right, the channel doesn't know.
Are they
Is the price really flirting or are they
just nice? We don't know.
Is that how they are with everybody or
are they are they flirting? I can't
tell. Mixed signals. We got some mixed
signals.
We're breaking down here. We're trying
to come back in. We're breaking down.
We're trying to come back in.
In addition to this, guys, we are also
currently bouncing from the local 786
from the low to the high. All right, we
go ahead, we turn off our golden pocket
and you can see right here that we are
indeed
trying to get a bounce from the 786. All
right.
If we are going to lose the 786, that is
not the best sign because now we are
breaking down from this channel,
which means that probably the the target
would be
if we take the fib from the low to the
high here
and we put on our 618 and our 0.65, our
target will probably be taking all the
liquidity from the bottom of the channel
and coming down to around just dipping
below $80,000, right? So, if we're not
going to reclaim the channel now and get
a move back in and come up to 83.3 ish,
maybe around that around that area, then
we could see a move back down to around
just below $80,000, maybe 79.5.
To this nice support resistance flip
here, giving back everything that we
made in this channel. All right? Now, of
course,
if we're not going to hold this, then
I'd say the next target to the downside
is going to be around 77777.
77777. Why do I say 77777? Well,
it's because the weekend lows, guys.
Let's not forget weekend lows are very
fickle.
All right? Weekend lows are extremely
And often times they do get taken,
right? So, you can see we have the
Saturday low here.
We have the Sunday low here. We're not
going to include this wick on Bybit
because I don't think that wick counts.
But, in addition to this,
we have those weekend lows. And if we
pull the fib from the low that we made
last Wednesday, where we longed the
exact bottom uh
in the moment. All right? Remember that?
When we longed the exact bottom in the
moment, made like 20 grand.
All right? So, why you got to subscribe
to the channel, all right? Cuz when I
see a good one, I'm going to take it.
But, right now I don't really see a good
opportunity like that. But,
you pull the fib from the low to the
high and you can see the Fibonacci
golden pocket coming in right around
77777.
So, if we're going to get moves to the
downside, my first target would be
around
you know, uh 80 grand, just dip below 80
grand. And then after that, I would say
come for the weekend lows. We have
77777.
All right?
Not only that, but look at this, guys.
Zipunto del control
is also right in the middle of that
Fibonacci golden pocket at 77777.
All right? So, you can see how important
these levels are
to the downside golden pockets
confluences with high volume nodes.
Let's pull the volume here as well.
Yeah, look at this guy. So, the volume
node of this channel here is right
around our dipping below $80,000
confluence with the Fibonacci golden
pocket and then our next major high
volume node is going to be around 77777.
Fibonacci golden pocket weekend lows.
All right? Now, what if we pump?
All right? What if we pump? Like let's
let's let's let's take off our bear
hats. All right? And let's put on our
bull hats. All right? We're going to
take off our bear hats.
All right?
Going to put on our bull hats.
What if we pump from here?
Ah.
Yes. What if we pump from here? All
right?
We have taken off our bull hats.
We're going to Wait, we've taken off our
bear hats. We put down our our bull
hats. All right?
What if we pump up from here? Well,
hang on.
My bull hat's a little bit
cloudy.
Got to clean it off. It's covered in
strange juices. All right?
Here we go.
So, there's two major things here. We're
going to go to our daily time frame.
The first thing that we need to be aware
of is the fact that right now we are
quickly accelerating. We are
accelerating very fast to the Fibonacci
golden pocket from the high to the low.
That's going to come in at around 83.3.
All right? The acceleration is quite
quick. We're Now, if we put this on log
scale, all right? You can see that we're
actually right now rejecting from the
0.65 Fibonacci on log scale. So, we have
to acknowledge that we are indeed in a
ear area
of resistance. Okay? Now, if we reclaim
this golden pocket, I just want to point
out the fact that not only This is not
just any arbitrary golden pocket, guys.
This is a major support resistance flip.
This was our zone of support back in the
spring of 2025. And then it's our it's
our
it's our support that we had back in
November before the drop.
If we are going to reclaim this, this is
the gateway to much higher prices. This
is the gateway to this.
All right? This is our next support
resistance flip that we have.
If we are going to reclaim, let's let's
call it 85k, all right? Now,
additionally, if we take all the volume
that we traded here,
the value area low right around 86. So,
right now, the the problem is we have
this big zone of resistance. It's a big
zone of resistance. It's about, all in
all, about 6%. Makes it very difficult
for leverage traders to try and get into
a trade with a 6% zone. And the reason
is because, well, you would need a very
very very very small position size.
And it makes it not worth it even to
take the trade, right? Because [music]
even if you happen to get into a trade
here and we do dump, right? If you got
yourself a 6% stop loss,
and even if you're just shooting for,
let's say, a good take profit one would
be at like back at like 68k golden
pocket retrace, you're really it's a two
to one risk to reward ratio.
I mean, you could day trade and make way
more than this in an hour instead of
trying to wait a few months just in case
you happen to time top, right? So, it
makes it difficult for leverage traders
to get into a short here.
Um
>> [music]
>> so,
this is why we need to really wait and
see what happens here. Because one of
three things is going to happen. Either
we do reject from here, right? And if we
do reject from here, then we can say,
"Okay, we're changing market structure.
We can look for a short trade on a back
test, on some kind of lower high, right?
We have confirmation of a downtrend now,
a rejection. Now we can look for the
short trade. The other thing that
happens is we actually start to form a
range here.
Right? This is also another possibility.
We range here
and maybe we can get in ourselves a long
trade from the bottom of this range.
Maybe we can get ourselves a short trade
from the top of this range
to take it down. Right? So we can That's
why we need to kind of wait and see
right now. Now the third possibility,
guys, is that we flip this into support.
Now if we are flipping
$86,000 into support, the probabilities
I say are highest that we are going to
come up towards the $100,000 level.
All right, let me move this box a little
bit cuz really the $100,000 level, it
was resistance in December 2024. In
fact, on December 4th,
I'll never forget that day, 2024, that's
my my little sister's birthday, all
right?
I'll never forget, Bitcoin hit 100k, I
text her happy birthday.
Bitcoin hit 100k on your birthday. She
doesn't know what that means. Okay,
cool.
All right. But not only that, but look
at this. It's the whole It's the
Fibonacci
golden pocket. We'll take it off log.
All right, we'll take it off log.
Fibonacci golden pocket
right there as well. Now, uh of course,
if we put the Fibonacci back on log, we
have a beautiful confluence with the POC
of the range at around 96k.
So we flip 86 into support, 96 will come
very quickly.
And if we're coming to 96, it makes the
most sense that we just hit 100k,
honestly. Maybe not.
But 96k,
honestly, it's a
it's a pretty fair target if we're going
to flip this.
Now, is that going to happen? Well,
let's take a look.
First of all, I'm going to say I don't
have a strong conviction one way or
another.
But the one thing I am certain of is
that we are bottoming out big time on
these high time frames. All right?
We're only a week into the month, but if
this month closes with a green candle,
next month excuse me, June,
June 2026 is going to be printing a
green dot. If this candle closes blue
for May,
then the June candle will be printing a
green dot. All right? Now, when we go
back in history, what does the green dot
on the monthly time frame mean?
Well, it means that we are at the
bottom, right? We had the green dot
here. It means that the bottom is in. We
had the green dot down here.
It means that the bottom is in. Now, we
need to be very careful. Why? Because
just because the bottom is in doesn't
mean we can
leverage long trades. All right? Because
here's the thing. Sometimes that would
work. Like last bear market, as soon as
that monthly green dot confirmed, you
literally could have gone in like 20x
leverage long and been fine. You would
have been fine. In fact, you could still
be in that trade. But the time before
that, guys, we confirmed the monthly
green dot. If your entry's here
on the confirmation of the green dot at
5,000, guess what? I mean, from that
entry, we come down like 25%
25%. All right? That means if you're on
4x leverage even, you're liquidated from
that move, right?
So, and the time before that, look at
this. We confirmed [snorts] the green
dot. We come down from the confirmation
of the green dot
about 40%, right? So, so even on like 3x
leverage, you're liquidated. All right?
So, we need to be cautious here, but we
also need to recognize the bottom
signals are starting to print. And so,
what does this mean for us? Well,
here's what it means for me.
Unfortunately, probably it will mean
that I I won't get the opportunity to
buy Bitcoin under $50,000. As much as I
would love for that to happen, it
probably wouldn't happen, right? What's
more likely to happen is
we do get a move up, probably to around
$100,000,
which then would be changing market
structure on our weekly time frame, for
sure. Right? If we're coming up to
$100,000 right now, our last weekly high
close
was at 93. So, we're coming up here to
$100,000. That's an official change of
market structure on the weekly. That is
not That's That's the the bull market's
back in that case, right?
Then we would look for some kind of a
back test, all right? And honestly, to
buy on spot, then I would [music]
be having to
badly, I would have to be looking to
ladder in
if we get a pullback down to, let's say,
the mid-70s, right? And we'd then be
looking for a higher low to come in.
Now, of course, could we make a double
bottom? Could we back test 60K? Could we
even make a lower low? Yes, anything's
possible.
But the probabilities of that become
less and less as we see these lower time
frames starting to
uh bottom out, right? Definitely be a
wary of the golden pocket, guys. If
we're going to get a push to the upside,
the golden pocket is nothing to mess
around with. This is coming around 96 to
98K.
Every single time
that we come to the macro golden pocket,
>> [music]
>> from the bull market top to the bear
market bottom, every time,
we get a rejection. All right? We got a
rejection over here.
And look at this. I mean, it happened
and this is the weekly time frame. It
took 3 weeks.
So, that's almost a month of drop.
21%. That's nothing to mess around with.
That's a beautiful short trade. Now, the
time before that,
right? I mean, this one was insane. This
was more of a 70% drop, right? We get
the confirmed green dot on the monthly.
We continue to rally and then guess
what?
We hit that golden pocket and whomp, we
come down. And you know what? Like, I
like to think that if COVID-19 had not
happened, we probably wouldn't have come
much lower than this base here.
Right? We probably wouldn't have come
much lower than this.
Um
because it's just such a nice level.
Right? That's a 50% drop because of
COVID. It actually ended up being a 72%
drop. Absolutely insane. Right?
The time before that,
we reject from the golden pocket. And
this time,
if I'm not mistaken, where's that golden
pocket coming in? Right around here. In
this instance, the drop was about
uh about 40% guys. About 40%. And it
doesn't look a lot like a lot when you
go back in time. But, we came up here,
we hit the golden pocket, we drop about
40%. So, you know, if
if we're going to continue up from here,
then
that 96-98k is definitely a level that
we will most likely get a serious
pullback from. Now, before we come to
that level, right now, what we need to
be aware of is simply just where we're
at right now. 83k on average is going to
be a very important level. And then we
have 86k. 86k is the macro value area
low. An obvious level where we could get
a major pullback.
Once we're above 86k, that's where the
potential for a big pump comes in.
Because, remember, when you're dealing
with volume profiles,
what happens is, if you lose a volume
profile,
and then you come back inside, and let's
say we close a weekly or monthly above
this,
the probabilities are actually highest
that we make our way back to the top of
the range. Right? So, I'm not saying
necessarily we'd make it all the way
back to 115. We could.
But, you know, we're above this level,
it's it's an obvious target to come up
to 96.
And we come above 96, you know, 100
100,000 psychological
makes beautiful sense, confluence with
the golden pocket. We could see this
happen very fast, guys. All right?
But, we don't have to worry about that
until we're reclaiming 86k. And right
now we don't have to worry about that
until we're reclaiming 83k. All right?
83k. Now, let's zoom in on lower time
frame and see how the Bitcoin price is
doing. All right? We are flirting with
this channel. Remember, guys, we're
trying to break down break back up
inside this channel here. We're forming
some kind of triangular pattern. Again,
if we're going to lose
uh the level that we're going to bounce
from now. So, just to recap in case you
missed it.
Locally right now, Bitcoin is rejecting
from the 0.65 Fibonacci.
All right? So, if we go ahead and we
turn on our
our levels here.
I actually I actually clicked it off the
chart. So, let's do it on this chart.
All right?
Bitcoin is rejecting from our 0.65
Fibonacci on log scale from high to low.
Let's go ahead and put this on log scale
and we are now forming a a channel here.
We go down to our 24-minute time frame.
We are going to pull the parallel
channel.
Connect these highs together.
Let's actually do it like this.
It's the one I had pulled before. And
then we're going to
go ahead and put it here and you can see
that we are really trying to come back
inside of the channel.
It's not working very well. All right?
We're having trouble. The view up is
keeping us below. All right? In
addition, we are currently getting a
bounce from the low to the high.
786 fib. All right?
So, here we go. The 786 fib we're
currently getting bounce from. If we are
going to lose the 786 fib,
this is also going to mean, guys,
like look at look at this. All right?
Here's the golden pocket, right? This is
our 618 right here at 81k.
We're losing the [music] 618. That means
we're actually on a high time frame,
guys, rejecting from the golden pocket,
right?
That means we're actually rejecting from
the golden pocket, right?
You know, we're we're zoomed in here,
but in hindsight,
like let's say let's say we start to
come down a bit, you know, we would say,
"Oh, of course we're coming down. Look,
we came into the golden pocket, and then
we lost it." We'd say, "Oh, yeah, of
course." But you know, it's difficult
when you're on a low time frame and this
golden pocket is massive, right? It's
massive.
Right? It's a it's a zone of about, you
know,
1.6%.
Now, I don't know. That's not super
massive, but you guys get what I'm
saying, right? So, we lose the 786,
then we're probably going to come down
to the bottom of the channel,
where we have the Fibonacci golden
pocket from the low to the high,
right? So, we're unable to
reclaim, then we're probably coming down
to around
uh just dipping below $80,000, right?
So, the next big support that we have is
going to be right around $80,000, right?
And if we can't hold that, then we're
looking to take the weekend lows,
and come to around 77777.
All right?
These are our supports to the downside
right here, okay?
Now, our resistances to the upside, just
as a quick reminder,
very key levels for trading are going to
be
the macro Fibonacci golden pocket, not
on log scales. That's going to be
$83.3,000.
This is going to be super important
resistance up here.
All right?
And then above that, we have the macro
value area low,
and that is coming in at about
$86.3,000.
All right? So, let's put this on the
chart, key level.
A key level.
All right?
Yeah. So, mar you know, take a
screenshot of this cuz locally, these
are the four levels that we should be
interested in it as day traders, right?
Now,
um
you know, we start to lose 77777. That
that's we got to come back and do some
fresh analysis. Again, we reclaim 863
and that opens the door for serious
pumpage.
Pumpage.
Pumpage, which is another word for
pumping, all right? Get the nice
pumpage. The pumpage.
The pumpage. Now, again,
let's go to our daily time frame. All
right?
What's good about this right now is we
are invalidating bearish divergences,
all right?
So, that makes the bullish case much
more plausible.
Invalidating bearish divergence.
Remember,
from the time that we took these highs
here, that happened first on the 3rd of
May, on a Sunday. So, Monday, Tuesday,
and today,
we're invalidating that bearish
divergence, right? As this momentum wave
is coming higher
than this one here.
Let's go ahead and put a ray on the
chart.
It's It's not quite invalid, but it
looks like it's pretty much going to be
invalidated here.
Unless we get a super fast drop,
this this adds credence to the bullish
case. Now, the 4-hour time frame.
The money flow is no longer diverging
here.
Okay? The money flow is no longer
diverging. When we were up here, again,
on Saturday, on Sunday, even on Monday,
the money flow was getting lower on the
4-hour and now it's getting higher, all
right?
Um
and I'm talking from the last major
wave. I'm not talking locally here, so
that is good as well. Also, the bearish
divergences on the 4-hour are becoming
invalidated. So,
there is a lot of
bullishness here on the chart,
so, the monthly's bullish, the weekly's
bullish, the daily's bullish, the
4-hour's bullish, the 1-hour
doesn't look so bearish, either. Like,
yes, you could look at this whole
structure
and say we have present bearish
divergences,
but they're not the most clear and
obvious bearish divergences. All right,
this just looks like
pump mode bearish divergences. What
looks like a good bearish divergence? A
good bearish divergence looks like this.
All right, a good bearish divergence
looks like where you have a unit of
money flow
that crosses purple, and then you get
another unit of money flow that's much
lower. All right, much lower.
And you see that massive divergence
there, right?
This doesn't look like the units even
completed, right? This looks like we
have a unit of upside, and then maybe we
get the money flow to come down to the
zero line. And then if we get a a
momentum wave that comes up here and
we're printing higher, that would look
really nice. So far, these bearish
divergences, they don't look super nice,
do they?
All right. Could they play out? Of
course, anything could play out. But, do
they look as nice as we would want for
like an absolute juicy short move like
the one we had over here on Sunday? No,
it doesn't look that beautiful. All
right.
Also, what would What's another good
bearish divergence? Something like this,
guys, where you have the price getting
higher, and then over time, the wave
happens, has time to cool off, and then
the next time it gets a big push, the
that second big push isn't enough to
give us another wave, right? You You
want to see the cool off. The best
divergences have the cool off in
between.
All right, you got to get your cool off.
All right.
I had a friend named Christopher
Cooloff.
He used to get so mad. We'd say, "Bro,
cool off. Cool off, bro. Cool off. Cool
off, bro."
"Cool off. Cool off, bro. Cool off,
bro." All right.
"Cool off, bro. We got a shill in the
chat? Who's a shill in the chat?"
Is it Drain the Swamp 2024?
Oh, man, we got a We got a crazy Trump
[__] in the chat. Well, let Trump tards
be Trump tards. I'm not going to ban
him. Guys, I have to take a pee. I'll be
right back.
All right, we're back, baby.
I usually take the computer with me to
go pee, but here's the thing.
Um it's pouring rain outside.
So.
Yeah, I'm sorry, King Andrew. I usually
take people to pee with me, but here's
it's pouring rain. I don't want my
laptop to get rained on.
You know, I don't want the laptop
tippity top to get rained on. We're
going to take a look at some other
assets here.
Um
First, let's pop into the chat, see who
we got in here.
Uh
We got
We got uh bit Shout out to Juan Estrada.
You got to look at the 21 day. All
right, let's look at the 21 day for Wana
Estrada up in here. All right.
I got to cut Oh, here we go.
21 day. Never never looked at it.
21 day green dot printing.
Let's uh turn everything off here and
just kind of
get a fresh gander.
Yeah, I mean this is pretty much
front-running that monthly dot. So,
yeah, it it Yeah.
Let's see. Last monthly dot
on the 21 day
gave us a uh
the bottom was not quite in.
Right here, the 21 day marked the exact
bottom.
And before that, the 21 day marked
pretty much
the exact bottom. This This is looking
very bullish. I'm not going to lie. Like
more bullish than I would like, but hey.
Charts don't lie, you know? The charts
don't lie.
The charts don't lie, guys. You know? I
don't think I'll be able to get my
$40,000 Bitcoin.
You know?
That's a shame.
It's a shame, but it is what it is. All
right.
Um
Let's see who else we got in chat here
quickly.
Quickly. Quickly.
Man, this is looking bullish. This is
another reason why I'm I feel like I I
don't want to close this trade just yet,
you know?
Another reason why I feel like I don't
want to close this trade just yet.
Uh shout out to Jesse Gillock and R
Pink.
And shout out to uh
Good good technique there.
Uh shout out to Jack Junior.
He also Pepe on the side. Yeah, it's
true.
>> [music]
>> Um
Man, where might be another pandemic?
The hantavirus.
Nah, I don't think there'll be another
pandemic. This time it's going to be
something different.
All right. Um
Yeah.
Shout out to Senor.
Looks too good to be true. It does look
too good to be true, doesn't it?
Um
Does look too good to be true.
You're good.
I'm I moved everything.
So, you're good.
It's It's there's something messed up
with the sensor.
Shout out to healthy with Kyle Heal with
Kyle. What's up, Kyle? Yo, Kyle, what's
going on, bro?
This is the Kyle, all right? The Heal
with Kyle.
What's going on, my man? God bless you,
bro. Good to see you in the chat, man.
Um
Energy lockdowns and rations. Yeah, it's
going to be something like no one
thought of. That's the problem
with the next big thing, right? Maybe
Maybe it's aliens, right? Could be
energy. Could be energy.
All right, let's check out AVAX, you
know?
Um
Let's check out AVAX.
AVAX.
This is Adam. Where's AVAX?
Here we go.
Let's check out AVAX.
We'll start on our monthly time frame.
Green dot are printing on AVAX. All
right, first of all,
this is not financial advice, but I am a
holder of AVAX, and I'll be honest, I
was super bullish on AVAX, and I was
wrong.
All right, I was really bullish on AVAX
back in the summer.
I was way wrong.
Way wrong. But, the one thing I will say
about AVAX is the risk to reward here
is beautiful, okay?
And
take a look at this here.
All right.
This is obviously log scale channel. We
are trying to come back inside of the
channel here.
If we can come back inside the channel,
we could see a move, and I'm not even
calling for anything radical.
Just move back to the top of the
channel. We're talking 200%.
That's some pretty good gains right
there, all right? Also, we pull the
Fibonacci from the high to the low,
and we got to switch it on to log scale.
I mean, wow, the golden pocket is just
breaking out of that channel. So, it's
very interesting.
We have a monthly green dot.
We have weekly
maybe bullish divergences. It's hard to
say.
If we don't Oh, no, we definitely have
weekly bullish divergences. Look at
this. I mean, look at this.
Wow.
Let's go to the 4-day.
It's hard to say here.
Let's go to our daily.
Take a look at the market structure.
I mean, it's looking pretty bottomy in
here on AVAX. Now, here's the thing, I
would say this is not Bitcoin, this is
AVAX, so
you know, buying anywhere in this zone
is pretty good.
Pretty good place to get in, all right?
Again, I I'm This is not financial
advice, guys, but
if there's ever going to be an altcoin
season again,
AVAX is a good project. It's not some
random meme coin.
Um
it's just a pretty good buy. I mean,
let's let's be honest here. We're we're
literally at support as support as
support can be.
In the event that we do make a new
all-time high, all right?
And I definitely don't recommend doing
this on leverage.
But, in the event that we do make a new
all-time high, eventually at some point
within the next few years,
assuming we don't make another low,
that's a beautiful risk-to-reward ratio
right there, man.
That is so beautiful.
That is about
50 to 1. So, you put a thousand dollars
on this.
If we hit the all-time high, you're
going to be up 50k. All right?
That's not bad. Risking a thousand to
potentially make 50,000 is absolutely
amazing.
Is it guaranteed to happen? No. But,
this is a really nice-looking chart
right now. Um let's take a look here.
Yeah, I mean, the the the divergences
are strong, guys. Look at the money flow
here.
Right? It's getting higher.
Right? It's definitely getting higher
over time.
We're curving back into the blue on the
weekly.
Last time we curved into the blue on the
weekly,
you know, again,
nothing too crazy here. But, the last
time we hit the blue money flow on the
weekly, we ended up with a 76% move to
the upside. The time before that,
that was the right here, we ended up
with uh
about a 200% move to the upside.
Yeah, I I I like the way the AVAX chart
looks. Again, this [snorts] is only
something you should entertain if you
are convicted that there is going to be
uh a time where altcoins really
outperform Bitcoin and the crypto space
sees a lot of money flowing into uh
non-Bitcoin assets.
If you're not a believer in that, then
obviously stay far away.
Stay far away.
All right, let's check out what
Bitcoin's doing now. She is chop city.
Chop city and chop citying around.
Oh, you guys can't see. Oh.
It's been like half an hour of me
talking.
Half an hour.
Shout out to Jesse Gillick for the super
chat.
Man.
Oh.
Man, I hate when I do that.
I hate when I do that.
I'm so sorry, guys.
Oh my goodness.
Jason the fool. Jason the idiot.
Well, all that to say, guys,
is this.
All right.
Hang on.
Wrong Hang on. Let me get Let me get
back to where we were.
Here we go. This is what I'm looking at
on AVAX.
This is it. All right. This is it.
Man, I am so sorry, guys. Please
Please forgive me.
Man, Jesse, I owe you a super chat, bro.
I owe you a super chat, man.
When you get a YouTube channel, I owe
you a super chat for that, my man. I owe
you a super chat.
Uh
Sorry, guys. Look, I only have one
monitor here, so I'm either looking at
the chart or I'm looking at the chat.
Yes, analysis from the radio is best,
guys. Let's pretend this is like
Let's pretend this is like the 1930s.
All we got is the radio.
Did I keep my long open yesterday? Yes.
Yes, Bull [__] Parade.
I'm still in all the trades I was in
yesterday.
Um
Yeah, I I'm still in I'm still in two
Bitcoin longs.
Still in two BTC longs, baby.
Real Cypher Rider, shout out to Real
Cypher Rider.
Shout out to Frank Coat 6675.
Um I just put USDT into Antarctic. I I
don't put Arbitrum on Antarctic.
I just use the Arbitrum network.
Um we're moving to 80K right now. All
right, let's see.
Oof. Oof. Oof.
All right, let's see what happens here
cuz yeah, 80K is the next support.
And to be honest with you,
I will have will really need to see what
happens there. And that's going to be a
real key level.
Around I'm sorry, not 80K. 81K is a key
level, but then
77777.
So,
let's see.
Let us see what happens, all right?
Let's check out the order flow while
we're while we're thinking of it, all
right?
All right, so it's a big decrease of
open interest here. This would look
pretty bullish if we were seeing an
increase of open interest, but people
are scarred, man. Look at this. Ever
since that high, just trades closing
out. Mostly longs and shorts who are
scared taking profits early. So,
a lot of shorts
closing out on the way down there.
I guess they're closing out maybe at
break even cuz we,
you know, a lot of shorts opening up in
this area here, right?
And then they close out at break even.
So, this is chop city to the extreme,
baby.
Chop city to the extreme.
Am I still shooting for the six-figure
Uh yeah, so I hit my target. I but I
didn't take profit. All right, guys, I'm
being greedy. I'm being greedy as I'm
looking at how bullish things look here.
I'm
>> [music]
>> I'm kind of being greedy with it. So, I
hit my target. I hit my goal.
But unfortunately, I didn't realize
100,000. Only 60. All right. So,
I I
I I know. I know. I know. I know all the
things, guys. I know all the things.
All right.
But
thoughts on Chainlink?
Thoughts on Chainlink?
Let's take out Let's check check out
Chainlink.
So, you know, objectively speaking here,
Chainlink is in a very, very key area of
support, right? We are back testing the
bear market range.
And um
we are not only back testing the top of
the bear market range, but we're back
testing the bottom of the bull market
range. And assuming that we are range
bound here,
then
this is our resistance up around here.
Right? So,
right now, the potential upside is
around 150 160%.
>> [music]
>> We turn on the monthly time frame,
and we're about to confirm a green
diddly do dot.
A green diddly do dot.
Probably, if this candle closes
uh if this candle closes blue in May,
then the green diddly do dot green
diddly A
>> [music]
>> will come out on the chart, and he wants
to play.
The green diddly do dot.
Green diddly do dot, baby. So, yeah, uh
let's go to the weekly time frame.
Money flow coming up.
>> [music]
>> Um
no bullish divergence.
You know, a lot of these bottoms look
like garbajio. You know, I have to say,
these bottoms do not look like the
bottom is in.
We need something. And I if Bitcoin's
going to pump, maybe we see the altcoins
do something like this,
you know, before the big move. That
would be really nice.
Something like this. But anyway,
wherever we can if we can get in
Chainlink down in this box, the
a conservative target is, you know, a
150 to 200% pump. If we happen to make
new all-time highs on Chainlink,
if you're buying anywhere in this box,
you know, we're talking 600% gains.
>> [music]
>> Again,
I say this is conservative stuff, right?
We're not shooting for like crazy
thousands and thousands of percents.
Um I think these are average
acceptable, even very conservative
gains, right? We're not expecting too
much.
Um
so yeah, I I I'd say
Chainlink chart doesn't look as nice as
the AVAX chart, obviously.
The lows don't look super nice. What
would be really nice in some of these
instances here, guys,
is that we do form somewhat of a nicer
accumulation range here first.
Like remember, we did range for a very
long time last time.
From May 2022 all the way to October
2023, so a year and a half of range.
Um you know,
it would be very nice, guys, to to at
least back test these lows on all these
coins, Bitcoin included, like
remember, I'm super bullish on Bitcoin
now, but I recognize that
the bullish scenario might not play out,
right? We might will there's a very good
chance we reject from 83 to 86 and come
in for a double bottom, right?
And so if that happens on Bitcoin, we're
going to have really nice opportunities
on some of these other assets
to come in and buy the double bottoms,
you know?
And I do think Chainlink is a good
asset, right? The World Economic Forum
is bullish on it.
And if they're bullish on it, well, that
means it's probably going to have a good
use case in the future,
right? The chain.
They're going to link everybody together
with a chain, the blockchain. All the
blockchains will be linked together so
that
everything you do and think and say will
be
on the blockchain, but
yeah, we could see that move to the
upside for sure on the chainlink.
You know, yeah, we do need a healthy
correction, says Marco Cocos. Like, yes,
a legit healthy correction. Like a
healthy correction
means that we're establishing a base of
market structure.
Right? You don't want to have a wick
down to a low like this
and then have this liquidity here,
right?
That's not a very healthy move. We could
still pump. Anything's possible. What
makes this healthy is the market comes
back to test is this really support or
not, right?
Is it really support or not? And then we
come back and we well establish, okay,
it's really support.
Like this, right?
We come down, we come up, we come down,
we come up. One more try, is this really
support? Yes, it's really support. Is it
really support? Yes, it's really
support. We get this nice rounded
bottom,
right?
That is
a healthy
accumulation range and also a healthy
correction from the first move to the
upside, right? Like this is what we have
here is not very healthy. Like if the
market's bottom out here,
it it doesn't look very healthy, right?
From a technical perspective, it does
not look like we have bottoms here,
right?
This is not smooth as a baby's bottom,
>> [music]
>> so to speak, all right?
This is not smooth as a baby's bottom.
Yeah, you'll never know you're up unless
it goes down.
Uh
you know?
Yeah. How about Dogecoin?
Is this guy on crack? Am I on crack? I
am not on crack. I'm not on crack. You
know what I am on? I'm on a whole food
diet.
Uh high carbs, high carbs,
uh high sleep,
um lots of outside time, sunshine,
trying to live a low stress life.
Um
and yeah, that's what gives me the
energy
to walk on the treadmill all day.
By all day, I pretty much mean whenever
I'm live streaming or charting.
But definitely not on crack. I don't
recommend crack, honestly. I I do know a
few people who have
really destroyed their lives with crack,
all right? Crack kills, so they say.
There's only one kind of crack I like,
and that's the crack in between those
uneven butt cheeks.
You know? Because when I see this
bullish divergence on markets like for
B, it gets me so excited, I might as
well be on crack. Cuz the adrenaline
just starts pumping, the kidneys release
all the adrenaline, all the dopamine
released at once.
I might as well be on crack
and MDMA and all this other stuff all
together, honestly.
But yeah, no real crack for me. Just
fake crack.
A little crack is okay, everything in
moderation.
Nah, crack ain't one of those things,
man.
All right?
Uh
Shout out to K Kron 89, God bless you.
You've been doing 30 step 3,000 steps a
day or more, and my legs are so sore.
How do you keep going? Well, you build
up a tolerance to it, my man. Like I'll
never forget the first time I did 40,000
steps.
My legs were sore the next day.
Um
but now, nah, nothing. It's just normal.
20,000, 25, 30,000.
I don't I just like I did nothing. Your
body like builds a tolerance to that.
You know? Your body builds a tolerance.
All right, we're going to look at
Dogecoin. I'm going to set some alerts
here on Bitcoin.
All right.
Put a few alerts here on Bitcoin.
Yeah, I'll tell you too, same with the
weighted vest. Like you start walking
around with the weighted vest, you'll be
sore the next day, but then your body
gets used to it.
All right, Doge.
Good old Doge.
Well, what can we say about Doge besides
the fact that um
looks like every other coin. It looks
bullish. You know, this is the this is
the the weekly chart, so we've had, you
know, 4 weeks in a row, a month of
green.
We're coming up to our local resistance
here on Doge. So,
I would I, you know, like like all these
things, what would make this really
healthy
is somewhat of a pullback from here
to test at least
come back down to the base that we have
at like 9 cents, right? That would be
really nice, really healthy move. We
could see this as a potential range to
trade right now.
Right? Be really nice to do something
like this, come up,
come back down,
get that nice rounded bottom on Doge,
and then
if we do something like this and we
break out, our breakout target
from around 9 cents support to the POC
around 73% and assuming we come to the
golden pocket valley area high,
that's going to be around almost 200%.
So, yeah,
Doge does look nice.
You know, again,
we've got the monthly green dot, which
historically means very significant
bottom is in. And the last time we got
the green dot, it happened after the low
was in. Now, look, we got a back test.
All right, we got a back test here.
You know, look at this. We had the low.
We had the green dot print.
We came up towards the top of the range.
We came down. We tested the base.
All right, we got a little bit of a
move. Got that nice
kind of rounded bottom here.
You know, that's kind of what you want
to look for. It's never good when you
just wick down and then bounce straight
up V-shape recovery. It's not the
healthiest, all right?
It's not the healthiest. Let's see here.
Let's see. What's uh This is This is a
good playlist here.
I really like this
this playlist.
Actually, let's see what we had before
this.
Now, where's that other video I had?
Where's the other one?
It's hard. They're all kind of the same.
They're all kind of the same but
different, you know?
Cryptic messages. That sounds like
crypto ask.
This This beat is called cryptic
messages.
Yeah, Doge looking kind of good, too. I
mean, look, all these things are beat
down. So, that What does that mean? It
basically means
if you believe in altcoins, all right?
And that's a big if, right? But if you
do,
you know, we can take this level that
we're bouncing from going all the way
back to 2023, the bear market. It was It
was essentially our resistance here,
right? It was our resistance all the way
back here. The resistance all the way
back here in 2021,
right? Like after that big insane pump,
that was where we wick to,
right? So, it's a big resistance uh big
support.
If you think this has potential
to come back up toward the highs, I
mean, we're talking hundreds of percent
here,
right? They say buy low, sell high. If
you believe in these altcoins,
again, if you don't, then don't buy
them. But if you believe that we're
going to see these things move in
I think it's more probable than not that
we are going to see these things move
again. Again, I'm not calling for crazy
massive pumps, not calling for a $5, $10
Doge.
I'm just calling for a 50 50 cents.
You know, really.
Not even 45 cents.
You know, we're talking hundreds of
percent from the from the low to the
high, you know?
Um
>> [music]
>> we have bottomed out monthly momentum.
You know, a lot of people are into
Dogecoin. So many people bought Dogecoin
back here. They're waiting for it to
come back up.
You know, so who knows?
Who knows?
>> [laughter]
>> Has the like button been removed? I hope
not.
You know.
I hope not.
Yeah, that's why my legs don't grow,
Senor. It could be, man. I don't doubt
that. I honestly don't doubt that.
But you know what?
I'd rather walk than have big legs when
it comes down to it. When it comes down
to it.
I couldn't give up walking, man. I just
couldn't give up walking.
You know, couldn't give up walking.
Shout out to Duke J6Z.
What's the egg code? Shout out to boy
and he says Doge to three figures. I say
Doge to six figures, bro.
Doge to six figures. Why not?
Get you bought a weighted vest is
literally a game changer. I know, man.
It is a game changer. A weighted vest.
If you have a big appetite
and you like to eat
until you're fully satisfied
every single day
and have abs
uh buy a weighted vest
and just do a slow walk while you work
on the computer.
Right? 20,000 steps, 25,000, 30,000
steps.
It It
It really doesn't make you tired. It
really doesn't make you tired. It's just
a slow walk.
But it like keeps your metabolism so
dang high.
You could eat as much as you want every
single day and be lean.
>> [music]
>> That's the biggest hack. I don't know
why more people don't do that, honestly.
You know, I'm a fat guy. I'm a fat guy
like
I've always had I don't know, maybe I
have something wrong with my leptin and
ghrelin, I don't know, but I've been so
fat ever since I was a kid. I'm always
so hungry.
Um
So, oh oh, but you have to eat whole
foods, all right? That's another thing.
You have to eat whole foods, all right?
You can't eat processed You can't eat
Taco Bell and do that. I mean, maybe you
could, but probably not. Probably not.
Probably not. Probably not. All right.
You have to eat whole single ingredient
foods.
That kind of stuff, all right?
Big caveat, I forget that normal people
don't eat like me.
What's the weight of the vest? Well,
I'd recommend start with a start with a
um
a light vest
and then progressively overload the
vest, you know?
But, I go anywhere between 25 and 60 lb
of a weighted vest, depending on what
I'm feeling that day.
Um
Do I recommend any free alternative
order flows? Yeah.
Um
definitely Coin Alize. All right,
coinalize.net.
coinalize.net
uh has free
uh CVD and open interest here.
All right, I really like this. Wow, did
we Did you see that? Did you guys see
this ad?
Chickens. Rainbet has chickens, no way.
I'm feeling that, man. Chicken cross.
Chicken cross. Oh, man, I shouldn't
click that. All right, they got me with
the ad, man. They got me with the
chickens.
They got me with the chicken.
But I'm pretty sure Market Monkey
Terminal has a free version, too. If
Boyan's still in the chat, Boyan knows
everything about Market Monkey Terminal.
Um
So,
he says we could form a distribution
range here, but so far it's not looking
bearish.
Eat a lot of eggs. Yeah, eat a lot of
eggs. You know, have [snorts] some
chickens. All right, yeah, Boyan says
Market Monkey Terminal is also free.
All right.
You just bought eight dozen eggs cuz
they were on sale. I legit want a
chicken coop. Yeah, the chicken coop is
amazing. Like right now, the animal is
crazy is I only have seven laying hens
right now.
And they are they are We're getting like
seven eggs a day, which is nice.
You know, that's 14 eggs every 2 days.
You know,
28 eggs every 4 days.
So, you know, 56 eggs every 8 days, you
know. I mean, and
I'm eating right now two or three a day.
But uh you don't need that many chickens
to get a lot of eggs. And eggs are so
dang healthy for you, is some people
say.
Other people say they're a one-way
ticket to heart disease. I don't know.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm definitely not.
But I think eggs are tasty and
delicious.
All right, Bitcoin in nothing in doing
nothing. All right, Bitcoin doing
nothing.
Have I ever showed my chicken coop on
stream?
I thought about doing a stream from the
chicken coop. All right.
Um
Yeah, I I You know what? What was I
going to
When Bitcoin hits a million, we'll do a
We'll do a uh stream from the chicken
coop.
All right?
Yeah, compounding eggs. It's crazy, you
know.
Sometimes, you know, you forget to get
the eggs one day or for 2 days in a row,
you don't get the eggs.
Cuz you know, my chickens aren't very
low maintenance. I don't really feed
them very much.
I don't give them water very much
because they're free range and they have
those giant water containers that hold
like 10 gallons.
Uh
And so you really they don't need water
much and
I only feed them like once a week
besides like giving them food scraps.
And so sometimes, you know, it's 2 3
days before I get the eggs and I go in
there, man. You know, we make a big old
omelet.
Big old omelet. These chickens I have
right now are the epitome of health.
Praise God.
They made it through the the worst
winter in all recorded history.
And they are the healthiest, fluffiest,
juiciest looking chickens
I've seen. We lost a few this winter.
They just couldn't handle the cold, but
the ones that made it
survival of the fittest. These are fit
fowl.
They are fit chicks, let me tell you.
These chicks are fit.
They are fit fowl.
All right?
Fit fowl. Fit fowl.
>> [laughter]
>> We got some fit fowl
up in here, guys. Up in here.
How do you know which eggs to eat and
which eggs to hatch?
You You don't. You just pick them. You
just pick the eggs. Which ones you want
to Well, here's the thing. If you have a
broody hen, all right? If you have a
broody hen,
then she will be in one of the nesting
boxes and those eggs you just leave
alone if you want the baby chicks to
come.
If If don't want the baby chicks to
come, then you have to move the broody
hen off the eggs and take the eggs. And
she's pissed. She is pissed.
All right, if that happens. So,
typically, I just let the broody hen do
her thing
and hatch the eggs.
Um but they won't turn into chicks
unless there's a broody mama.
All right, you need a broody mama. All
right?
Broody mama hen.
All right, let's
let's learn all about it.
Let's learn all about it here.
A broody mama hen is a chicken
experiencing a hormonal shift that
drives her to hatch eggs, characterized
by relentless sitting on a nest for
about 21 days, puffed up feathers, and
aggressive protection of the nest. Let
me tell you,
you try and get to a broody mama's eggs,
she will peck you.
Now, thankfully, hen pecks don't hurt.
Rooster pecks will take a chunk of skin
out of you.
All right? But here's a picture here of
a broody mama. All right, she is broody.
She's keeping her baby chicks there.
Probably some still eggs underneath that
chicken butt. All right?
Um
yeah.
Woah, what did I do here? Hang on.
Yeah. So,
this video explains to how to tell if
you have a broody hen, what to do with a
broody hen, right? The signs.
Signs: hunkering down in a nesting box,
growling or hissing. Yeah.
Staying on the nest overnight. You've
got to provide her with easy access to
food and water.
All right, otherwise the eggs might not
hatch. I never do that. By the way,
chickens are fine. They're wild animals.
They can take care of themself.
Um
I've never had any issues with my broody
hens. All right?
Look, this is a nice This is a nice blog
post. When a good broody hen becomes a
moody mama.
Look at that broody hen right there.
Mother hen.
She's in danger of killing her babies. I
don't know. I've never had this happen.
I've never had a mother hen kill her
babies. I've only had a mother hen
nurture and care for her baby chicks.
And they're so cute when they go hide
under the mom's wings.
They like go into the mom and you
wouldn't even be able to tell there's a
there's a baby chick there.
I wonder if we could get a video of
that.
Um
Let's see here.
Baby chicks under
mom's wing.
Let's see here.
Here we go. This is a good one.
Ah, this is not a good one.
This is not a good one.
Let's see.
Here we go. This is a good one. This is
this is a good one. This is how it
works. Look at this. Look at this.
Look.
It's just going to go in. It's going to
go right in.
There it goes.
It's going to go right inside.
Come on, baby chick.
Aw, sweet baby. There there she goes.
There she go. You can't even tell she's
in there now.
You know?
Is that not the cutest thing?
That is the cutest thing.
You know what I mean?
Let's see what we
Let's let's see how Bitcoin is doing
here. Ow, man. She's taking a big old
dump.
A rooster doesn't A rooster doesn't love
the hen. All right?
Chickens when they mate, it's not
there's no love involved. All right?
There's no love involved.
All right, watch this.
Chickens mating. Are we allowed to watch
this on YouTube?
All right, let's watch.
Yeah, this is it. This is how it
happens.
Bites Bites the the head.
That's it, he's done. He's done.
Bites the head.
That's it.
He's done. He's done.
There's no love involved there. All
right, no love.
It's a It's a business transaction with
the chickens, okay?
It's just a business transaction. The
rooster knows
if he doesn't do his job,
the flock will will go extinct.
>> [music]
>> And he knows that's That's really his
only purpose, you know?
That's his only purpose. He's not the
one laying eggs. He's not the one laying
eggs. He's the one making it possible so
that the eggs can hatch and make more
egg layers.
You know? He's got an important job
there.
Um
Did you miss the bottom? I No, I don't
think so. I I think we're at least going
to get a retest.
Dave Digital is just as efficient as I
got Apparently, I am, too.
Apparently, I am, too.
I have something weird stuck in my
finger and it hurts.
Got like a splinter or something.
Yeah, so this stream has taken a turn
for the interesting, huh?
This stream has taken a turn for the
interesting.
>> All right.
Shout out to preparing for war.
All right. All right. Well, guys, I
think when you start watching chickens
like that, it's time to end the stream.
So, God bless you guys in Jesus' name.
I hope everyone has a wonderful
day. Keep in mind, Wednesday typically
is the weekly low or weekly high.